removed spec sketch and linked to live openapi (#78)
CircleCI-Public/api-preview-docs: README.md

* See the [documentation](docs/) in this repository for reference information. 
* Breaking changes to the API will be announced in this document [breaking](docs/breaking.md).

> * API v2 keeps an updated openapi spec that you can find [here](https://circleci.com/api/v2/openapi.json)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We keep [an up-to-date OpenAPI document](https://circleci.com/api/v2/openapi.json) which describes the v2 API
```
